add refresh & replace to run api docs (#1724)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/api/run.html.md

----------------------------|--------|---------|------------
`data.attributes.is-destroy` | bool | false | Specifies if this plan is a destroy plan, which will destroy all provisioned resources.
`data.attributes.message` | string | "Queued manually via the Terraform Enterprise API" | Specifies the message to be associated with this run.
`data.attributes.refresh` | bool | true | Specifies whether or not to refresh the state before a plan.

> `data.attributes.refresh-only` | bool | false | Specifies whether the run should ignore configuration changes and only refresh the state.

Reviewer: Hmm, still kind of sounds like Terraform might possibly perform some actions on me. How about,

```suggestion
`data.attributes.refresh-only` | bool | false | Whether this run should use the refresh-only plan mode, which will refresh the state without modifying any resources. Mutually exclusive with `is-destroy`.
```

Author: Much nicer!

    "attributes": {
      "is-destroy": false,
      "message": "Custom message",
      "refresh": false,
      "refresh-only": false,

>       "replace-addrs": ["example.resource_address"],

Reviewer 2: Might be good to leave the sample payload as a _typical_ example, not just one that's exhaustive of all options. Specifying all options with their defaults is overly verbose and creates weird things like seeing `target` and `replace` stuff together, etc; under this logic I'd even just remove the existing `is-destroy`.  Thoughts?

Reviewer: I think I second this.

Author: Ah, good point!

```json
{
  "data": {
    "id": "run-CZcmD7eagjhyX0vN",
    "type": "runs",
    "attributes": {
      "actions": {
        "is-cancelable": true,
        "is-confirmable": false,
        "is-discardable": false,
        "is-force-cancelable": false
      },
      "canceled-at": null,

>       "created-at": "2021-05-24T07:38:04.171Z",

Author: I'm kind of shocked at how little the payload has changed since 2017 tbh 😆
